[WIP] - Add HTTP Serving Doc (#2529)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/https-outcalls/http-request.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> # Serving an HTTP Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Serving an HTTP request
```

## Overview 

> Canister smart contracts can serve or handle an incoming HTTP request using the [HTTP Gateway Protocol](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/http-gateway-protocol-spec). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canisters can serve or handle an incoming HTTP request using the [HTTP Gateway Protocol](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/http-gateway-protocol-spec). 
```

This allows developers to create decentralized APIs from canister smart contracts.

## How it works

> An HTTP request from a client gets intercepted by the HTTP Gateway Protocol which identifies the target canister smart contract and encodes the request in Candid. This encoded request is then sent to the canister for processing. The canister smart contract responds with an HTTP response. Finally, the HTTP Gateway Protocol decodes the response using Candid and sends it back to the client, completing the communication loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An HTTP request from a client gets intercepted by the HTTP Gateway Protocol, which identifies the target canister and encodes the request in Candid. This encoded request is then sent to the canister for processing. Once processed, the canister replies with an HTTP response. Finally, the HTTP Gateway Protocol decodes the response using Candid and sends it back to the client, completing the communication loop.
```

For detailed information on how it works, please refer to the [HTTP Gateway Protocol specification](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/http-gateway-protocol-spec). 

## How to make a request

> The following example returns 'Hello, World!' in the body at the /hello endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example returns 'Hello, World!' in the body at the `/hello` endpoint. 
```
